Lecture 3 CSET115

1. Its engineered and the difference between the two is the process of how something is made or created 

2. As time goes on it  starts to delice due to the design and code

3. Software must change and it's something that needs to happen. It's something you can't stop due to things and plans always changing around you. Anything from environment changes or even errors.

4. Software engineering is development and testing of software applications 

5. a. Software engineering focuses on development, testing and maintenance but system software engineering has a bigger responsibility, such as managing a entire system.

   b. Computer science covers all of the fundamentals but in Software engineering we get all of the fun things such as focusing on more of the design of software systems

6. Agile is a project  management system that helps keep everyone in line. A team can development agile by just following the agile process.

7. Its just a list of development tasks that a team needs and plans to follow during a project.

8. This list is full of task that a team needs to do so they can create a product.

9. Self-organizing teams, No specific engineering practices prescribed, flexibility, it allows us to rapidly and repeatedly inspect actual
working software (every two weeks to one month)

10.

11. large project are divide into manageable amounts
reduced costs and time required for project realization
Extreme Programming teams save lots of money because they don't us too much documentation

12. Our highest priority is to satisfy the customers through early
and continuous delivery of valuable software- When it comes to working the customer is your boss and you want to always make the boss happy

Business people and developers must work together daily
throughout the project - Its always good when your team is on the same page but when everyone is on the same page it makes thing a lot smoother

Working software is the primary measure of progress

Continuous attention to technical excellence and good design
enhances agility

The most efficient and effective method of conveying
information to and within a development team is face-to face
conversation

13. Team practices are very important because we all need to be on the same page for the project to work like we need it to. 
coding standards
refactoring
pair programming 
simple design